README.md, before:

# [MUSIC_TITLE_HERE] | (Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho's Soundtracks

[![chewkeanho-soundtracks](Thumbnails/video-thumbnail.jpg)](#)

[MARKETING DESCRIPTION HERE]

```
#electronicmusic #soundtrack

DO a $(stat TO/FILE) and then remove unnecessary filesystem info HERE

On Published Date: YYYY-MM-DD
On YouTube since : YYYY-MM-DD
```

[YouTube](#)

* [Agreed GIMP License](.internals/terms-of-services/GimpORG_License.pdf)
* [Agreed GIMP Privacy Policy](.internals/privacy-policy/GimpORG-Privacy-Policy.pdf)
* [Agreed Inkscape License](.internals/terms-of-services/Inkscape_License.pdf)
* [Agreed Inkscape Privacy Policy](.internals/privacy-policy/Inkscape-Privacy-Policy.pdf)
* [Agreed (Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho's Upscaler License](.internals/terms-of-services/Upscaler_LICENSE.txt)
* [Agreed Perchance.org Terms of Service](.internals/terms-of-services/PerchanceORG_Terms-of-Service.pdf)
* [Agreed Perchance.org Privacy Policy](.internals/privacy-policy/PerchanceORG-Privacy-Policy.pdf)
* [Agreed OBS License](.internals/terms-of-services/OBS_LICENSE.txt)
* [Agreed OBS Waveform License](.internals/terms-of-services/OBS_Waveform_LICENSE.txt)
* [Agreed UDIO Terms of Service](.internals/terms-of-services/Udio-Terms-of-Service.pdf)
* [Agreed UDIO Privacy Policy](.internals/privacy-policy/Udio-Privacy-Policy.pdf)




## License

[![chewkeanho-soundtracks](.internals/icons/animated-banner_1200x100.svg)](#)

This entire project is licensed under
[(Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho's Proprietary License](LICENSE.txt).

Under this license, unless otherwise granted in written format, by default,
permits you to use the music by complying the terms of uses stated in the
sub-sections. You **MUST** go through all of them before making a decision.

Unless otherwise specified, you **MUST** attribute back to the arist(s) as
follows:

```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Title  : [MUSIC_TITLE_HERE]
Artist : (Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho + UDIO
SKU    : chewkeanho-soundtracks-[SKU_HERE]
License: (Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho's Proprietary License
Procure: Coming Soon
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

For registered non-profit organizations (NGO), you're considered as a
`Commercial Entity` similar to for-profit organizations by default; with the
NGO exception grant from the artist. Please process them as such.



### Listening - Personal

> This targets customers wanted to use the music just for listening without
> broadcasting to any other 3rd-party with non-monetary intention; such as but
> not limited to:
>
> * Listening via headphones or ear buds via personal phone playback; OR
> * Listening via computer.



### Listening - Commerical

> This targets customers wanted to use the music just for listening without
> broadcasting to any other 3rd-party with monetary intention; such as but
> not limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Listening - Personal`; AND
> * Sampling music for enhancing company's procurement list.

1. Same as `Listening - Personal` above.



### Broadcast Redistribution - Personal

> This targets customers wanted to listen and share the music via broadcasting
> into multiple 3rd-parties in both public or private spaces disregarding their
> respective license compliances with non-monetary intention; such as but not
> limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Listening - Personal`; AND
> * Private house event party playback; OR
> * Private space like living room background playback.



### Broadcast Redistribution - Commercial

> This targets customers wanted to listen and share the music via broadcasting
> into multiple 3rd-parties in both public or private spaces disregarding their
> respective license compliances with monetary intention; such as but not
> limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Listening - Personal`; AND
> * Every examples from `Listening - Commercial`; AND
> * Every examples from `Broadcast Redistribution - Personal`; AND
> * Company's public events; OR
> * Company's private events; OR
> * Radio channel's broadcasting; OR
> * YouTube public livestreaming; OR
> * Company's marketing roadshow music broadcasting.



### Integration - Personal

> This targets customers wanted to use the music for direct integration without
> any remixes to the original into any non-monetary intended project; such as
> but not limited to:
>
> * YouTube video creation **WITHOUT** any profits including advertisement
>   commission; OR
> * Personal video production and collection; OR
> * Personal web portfolio project.



### Integration - Commercial

> This targets customers wanted to use the music for direct integration without
> any remixes to the original into any monetary intended project; such as but
> not limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Integration - Personal`; AND
> * YouTube video creation **WITH** any profits including advertisement
>   commission; OR
> * Company internal event's video material; OR
> * Company internal meeting's video material; OR
> * Company public advertisement media materials; OR
> * Company public digital display signage media materials.



### Reference Remix - Personal

> This targets customers wanted to reference the music's lyrics for new music
> re-production into any non-monetary intended project; such as but not limited
> to:
>
> * YouTube music cover video creation **WITHOUT** any profits including
>   advertisement commission; OR
> * Personal music video galleria; OR
> * Personal web art expression portfolio project.



### Reference Remix - Commercial

> This targets customers wanted to reference the music's lyrics for new music
> re-production into any monetary intended project; such as but not limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Reference Remix - Personal`; AND
> * YouTube music cover music video creation **WITH** any profits including
>   advertisement commission; OR
> * Company internal event's video material with internal artists; OR
> * Company internal meeting's video material with internal artists; OR
> * Company public advertisement media materials with internal artists; OR
> * Company public digital display signage media materials with internal
>   artists.



### Composition Remix - Personal

> This targets customers wanted to use the music for new music re-production
> via original music's elements' compositions into any non-monetary intended
> project; such as but not limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Reference Remix - Personal`; AND
> * Personal DJ remixing practice using vocal-only, beats adjustment, etc; OR
> * YouTube DJ music remix video creation **WITHOUT** any profit including
>   advertisement commission; OR
> * Personal music video galleria; OR
> * Personal web art expression portfolio project.



### Composition Remix - Commercial

> This targets customers wanted to use the music for new music re-production
> via original music's elements' compositions for any monetary intented project;
> such as but not limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Reference Remix - Personal`; AND
> * Every examples from `Reference Remix - Commercial`; AND
> * Every examples from `Composition Remix - Personal`; AND
> * Club-house DJ remixing live or pre-recorded; OR
> * YouTube DJ music remix video creation **WITH** any profit including
>   advertisement commission; OR
> * Company internal event's video material with specific music elements; OR
> * Company internal meeting's video materials with specific music elements; OR
> * Company public advertisement media materials with specific music
>   elements; OR
> * Company public digital display signage media materials with specific music
>   elements.



### Resell Redistribution - Personal

> This targets customers wanted to share the music for any non-monetary
> intention; such as but not limited to:
>
> * Sharing the music across social media **WITHOUT**; OR
> * Share the music among friends via email/messaging attachment **WITHOUT**
>   any profit involved.



### Resell Redistribution - Commercial

> This targets customers who want to share the music for any monetary intention;
> such as but not limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Resell Redistribution - Personal`; AND
> * Sharing the music across company's social media; OR
> * Selling the music to the public; OR
> * Distribute the music into multiple profit-earning streaming platform.

Commit message:

root: published "Welcome to Wild West Lounge"
Since the public need to parse the music metadata, we do not have
a choice but to publish them. Hence, let's do this.

This patch publishes "Welcome to Wild West Lounge" in root
repository.

Co-authored-by: Shuralyov, Jean <jean.shuralyov@proton.me>
Co-authored-by: Galyna, Cory <cory.galyna@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: 湘渝萱 <alice.xiang.yu.xuan@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: (Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho <me@hollowaykeanho.com>
Reviewed-by: (Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho <me@hollowaykeanho.com>
Signed-off-by: (Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho <me@hollowaykeanho.com>

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Wild West Lounge | (Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho's Soundtracks

[![chewkeanho-soundtracks](Thumbnails/video-thumbnail.jpg)](#)

Another day in the Wild West another day to enjoy the fun moment. Here is
another variant just for you.

```
#country #soundtrack #violin #melodic #uplifting #lively

  File: Audios/08_Welcome-to-Wild-West-Lounge.mp3
  Size: 11976704        Blocks: 23392      IO Block: 4096   regular file
Device: 253,2   Inode: 40772127    Links: 1
Access: (0644/-rw-r--r--)  Uid: ( 1000/      u0)   Gid: ( 1000/      u0)
Access: 2025-11-12 15:10:56.210587753 +0800
Modify: 2025-11-12 15:07:12.877499720 +0800
Change: 2025-11-12 15:07:12.877499720 +0800
 Birth: 2025-09-05 10:20:24.624088726 +0800

On Published Date: 2025-09-05
On YouTube since : 2025-09-05
```

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sj52I__iTjo)

* [Agreed GIMP License](.internals/terms-of-services/GimpORG_License.pdf)
* [Agreed GIMP Privacy Policy](.internals/privacy-policy/GimpORG-Privacy-Policy.pdf)
* [Agreed Inkscape License](.internals/terms-of-services/Inkscape_License.pdf)
* [Agreed Inkscape Privacy Policy](.internals/privacy-policy/Inkscape-Privacy-Policy.pdf)
* [Agreed (Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho's Upscaler License](.internals/terms-of-services/Upscaler_LICENSE.txt)
* [Agreed Perchance.org Terms of Service](.internals/terms-of-services/PerchanceORG_Terms-of-Service.pdf)
* [Agreed Perchance.org Privacy Policy](.internals/privacy-policy/PerchanceORG-Privacy-Policy.pdf)
* [Agreed OBS License](.internals/terms-of-services/OBS_LICENSE.txt)
* [Agreed OBS Waveform License](.internals/terms-of-services/OBS_Waveform_LICENSE.txt)
* [Agreed UDIO Terms of Service](.internals/terms-of-services/Udio-Terms-of-Service.pdf)
* [Agreed UDIO Privacy Policy](.internals/privacy-policy/Udio-Privacy-Policy.pdf)




## License

[![chewkeanho-soundtracks](.internals/icons/animated-banner_1200x100.svg)](#)

This entire project is licensed under
[(Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho's Proprietary License](LICENSE.txt).

Under this license, unless otherwise granted in written format, by default,
permits you to use the music by complying the terms of uses stated in the
sub-sections. You **MUST** go through all of them before making a decision.

Unless otherwise specified, you **MUST** attribute back to the arist(s) as
follows:

```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Title  : Welcome to Wild West Lounge
Artist : (Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho + UDIO
SKU    : chewkeanho-soundtracks-welcome-to-wild-west-lounge
License: (Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho's Proprietary License
Procure: Coming Soon
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

For registered non-profit organizations (NGO), you're considered as a
`Commercial Entity` similar to for-profit organizations by default; with the
NGO exception grant from the artist. Please process them as such.



### Listening - Personal

> This targets customers wanted to use the music just for listening without
> broadcasting to any other 3rd-party with non-monetary intention; such as but
> not limited to:
>
> * Listening via headphones or ear buds via personal phone playback; OR
> * Listening via computer.



### Listening - Commerical

> This targets customers wanted to use the music just for listening without
> broadcasting to any other 3rd-party with monetary intention; such as but
> not limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Listening - Personal`; AND
> * Sampling music for enhancing company's procurement list.

1. Same as `Listening - Personal` above.



### Broadcast Redistribution - Personal

> This targets customers wanted to listen and share the music via broadcasting
> into multiple 3rd-parties in both public or private spaces disregarding their
> respective license compliances with non-monetary intention; such as but not
> limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Listening - Personal`; AND
> * Private house event party playback; OR
> * Private space like living room background playback.



### Broadcast Redistribution - Commercial

> This targets customers wanted to listen and share the music via broadcasting
> into multiple 3rd-parties in both public or private spaces disregarding their
> respective license compliances with monetary intention; such as but not
> limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Listening - Personal`; AND
> * Every examples from `Listening - Commercial`; AND
> * Every examples from `Broadcast Redistribution - Personal`; AND
> * Company's public events; OR
> * Company's private events; OR
> * Radio channel's broadcasting; OR
> * YouTube public livestreaming; OR
> * Company's marketing roadshow music broadcasting.



### Integration - Personal

> This targets customers wanted to use the music for direct integration without
> any remixes to the original into any non-monetary intended project; such as
> but not limited to:
>
> * YouTube video creation **WITHOUT** any profits including advertisement
>   commission; OR
> * Personal video production and collection; OR
> * Personal web portfolio project.



### Integration - Commercial

> This targets customers wanted to use the music for direct integration without
> any remixes to the original into any monetary intended project; such as but
> not limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Integration - Personal`; AND
> * YouTube video creation **WITH** any profits including advertisement
>   commission; OR
> * Company internal event's video material; OR
> * Company internal meeting's video material; OR
> * Company public advertisement media materials; OR
> * Company public digital display signage media materials.



### Reference Remix - Personal

> This targets customers wanted to reference the music's lyrics for new music
> re-production into any non-monetary intended project; such as but not limited
> to:
>
> * YouTube music cover video creation **WITHOUT** any profits including
>   advertisement commission; OR
> * Personal music video galleria; OR
> * Personal web art expression portfolio project.



### Reference Remix - Commercial

> This targets customers wanted to reference the music's lyrics for new music
> re-production into any monetary intended project; such as but not limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Reference Remix - Personal`; AND
> * YouTube music cover music video creation **WITH** any profits including
>   advertisement commission; OR
> * Company internal event's video material with internal artists; OR
> * Company internal meeting's video material with internal artists; OR
> * Company public advertisement media materials with internal artists; OR
> * Company public digital display signage media materials with internal
>   artists.



### Composition Remix - Personal

> This targets customers wanted to use the music for new music re-production
> via original music's elements' compositions into any non-monetary intended
> project; such as but not limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Reference Remix - Personal`; AND
> * Personal DJ remixing practice using vocal-only, beats adjustment, etc; OR
> * YouTube DJ music remix video creation **WITHOUT** any profit including
>   advertisement commission; OR
> * Personal music video galleria; OR
> * Personal web art expression portfolio project.



### Composition Remix - Commercial

> This targets customers wanted to use the music for new music re-production
> via original music's elements' compositions for any monetary intented project;
> such as but not limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Reference Remix - Personal`; AND
> * Every examples from `Reference Remix - Commercial`; AND
> * Every examples from `Composition Remix - Personal`; AND
> * Club-house DJ remixing live or pre-recorded; OR
> * YouTube DJ music remix video creation **WITH** any profit including
>   advertisement commission; OR
> * Company internal event's video material with specific music elements; OR
> * Company internal meeting's video materials with specific music elements; OR
> * Company public advertisement media materials with specific music
>   elements; OR
> * Company public digital display signage media materials with specific music
>   elements.



### Resell Redistribution - Personal

> This targets customers wanted to share the music for any non-monetary
> intention; such as but not limited to:
>
> * Sharing the music across social media **WITHOUT**; OR
> * Share the music among friends via email/messaging attachment **WITHOUT**
>   any profit involved.



### Resell Redistribution - Commercial

> This targets customers who want to share the music for any monetary intention;
> such as but not limited to:
>
> * Every examples from `Resell Redistribution - Personal`; AND
> * Sharing the music across company's social media; OR
> * Selling the music to the public; OR
> * Distribute the music into multiple profit-earning streaming platform.
